Also look dosed at Well in the ion store of the University store today
First of all, please transfer
I you doing to go to Yes Well I called the quite like this pattern What's I was doing this
Sometimes
When the length is holding the ball
Well everyone clearly knows what they say before that
Oh nor's a so so about me
Breaking through Well I thought to have been surrounded Well first in long as there 2 people
Yappa's a talent a place to carry Previous Rutteyuu
Really good say First of all I Na amazing
It later was the other this is only aiming Man Te side-by-side
Well so collected lunch those who come out here Well just well
not
Last last
The other guys anymore you were that that manner in I think
Also to have us have been such from behind the teeth
The town version is already
It hurts and stipulates me
I just had to wait inside
I wonder if both ears are doing well after hand waterworm
A ball enters the place I was free before
Hmm
It's just that I could apply
Well really
Thank everyone
From Well among them that what satin 3 cups until
I'm doing this 4
There is no way to reverse
Say and not give up after all
It is said that it is a different place from last year from there
I felt
Oh dear
That's right ー
Hmmm
I
Well do I Well really quite such causative form is what-to-the
Rarely
I'm really a person
Because we are making an effort
The result came
Don't give up and it seems to float
play
I let Koufukai
Well it This is Toko
I think unhappy
I think I got a mass production
I think it's in the place so please
It has come out in
But is there is no mass production was topic
Well the team has a goal to be able to proclaim its victory
Various places if or a hobby or was assisted
If you can contribute
I think it's good